I will now announce the election of the Minister of the Army.
There is an election that was announced by the Army of the Imperial Navy.
I will announce it for the time being.
The terrorist advancing team of the Imperial Navy
While they were organized to also Shi to serve in fall twelve of spring,
that out of all the vicissitudes of floral
relations我們軍人に対して重ねて誘惑なる直後を賜りましたことは
what was offers to us allies even as means of spectacular interdiction wasn't soo
the military forces were suffering from severe traberring for power
and even taking care of their representative
Although the general strategy for Time Faction still ceases to be scratches report order and the
rule of present and past changes that is to prior to us have a thank you
The
Nippon idea and the introduction of new strategies
for herring fisheries to intermarine AI Drew
have plans and are hopefully to require explanations to them.